Update the UI so that the "Random Match" button is always visible — fixed at the bottom center (footer), at the same vertical level as shown in my screenshots. The button should stay in the exact position, even when I scroll, and must be visible on every page of the app. The position should not change as the user navigates or scrolls; the button must "pop in and out" smoothly (with a subtle animation/transition) and remain clickable at all times.

Instructions:

Use a fixed positioning for the "Random Match" button: bottom: 24px; left: 50%; transform: translateX(-50%);

Ensure the button is present and visible on every page (not just Explore or Home).

The button should sit above all other content (highest z-index).

When the page scrolls, the button remains fixed at the center bottom of the viewport.

Smooth transition/popup effect for showing/hiding the button as the user navigates.

Keep design and size consistent with the UI shown in the attached screenshots.

Here is example CSS/logic:

css
.random-match-btn {
  position: fixed;
  bottom: 24px;
  left: 50%;
  transform: translateX(-50%);
  z-index: 9999;
  transition: opacity 0.3s, visibility 0.3s;
  /* Add shadow and rounded and color etc as per your theme */
}
Make sure this button and logic/component is rendered at the app level (e.g. inside your main App layout or Footer wrapper), so it appears on ALL main pages.

Summary:
"Random Match" should always be fixed at the bottom center of every page, popping smoothly, and be consistently accessible per UI/UX in the attached screenshots.Prompt for Replit AI: Make "Random Match" Button Fixed and Always Visible

Analyze the attached screenshots. I want the "Random Match" button (currently at the bottom) to be always visible and fixed at the center bottom (footer) of the viewport, even when scrolling or switching pages. Its Y-position should be the same as in the screenshot, but its position must be fixed, floating above other content on every page. When the user scrolls, navigates, or switches tabs (Explore/New/Follow), the button should stay at this location—bottom center—never buried by other content.

Use CSS:

text
.random-match-btn {
    position: fixed;
    bottom: 24px;
    left: 50%;
    transform: translateX(-50%);
    z-index: 1000;
    transition: opacity 0.3s;
}
Ensure it renders via the app's main layout so it is always present, visible, and functional throughout the app.

Add a smooth "pop-in/out" effect (e.g., small slide or fade) so it feels dynamic without covering bottom tab bars/navigation.

Button style, color, and size should match the design in the screenshots.

In summary:
Make the "Random Match" button always fixed and visible at the bottom center of every page, popping in/out in the same position regardless of scrolling or navigation, as in the provided screenshots.